Enhance AGENTS.md with additional project details (#692)
wordpress-mobile/release-toolkit: AGENTS.md

## Overview

> Release Toolkit is a Ruby gem (`fastlane-plugin-wpmreleasetoolkit`) providing shared fastlane actions and helper utilities for release automation of WordPress mobile apps. It standardizes the release process across multiple repositories (iOS, Android, macOS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release Toolkit is a fastlane plugin  implemented as a Ruby gem (`fastlane-plugin-wpmreleasetoolkit`) providing actions and helper utilities for release automation of Automattic's mobile apps. It standardizes the release process across multiple products (WordPress, Jetpack, WooCommerce, DayOne, PocketCats, Tumblr, Studio, …), repositories, and platforms (iOS, Android, macOS).
```
